Madam, why are you still cooking by yourself?
Isn't this the first time you meet your grandson?
I have to show my hands
Hey fifth mother
Go and help me get the fish
Why haven't they come back yet?
Hey, are you the new babysitter?
Help my mom carry things
Don't you have eyes?
Take it carefully
Everything is expensive
If it is broken, it will be deducted from your salary.
Who allowed you to talk to my mother like that?
I thought he was the new nanny in the house
Is that the right attitude towards a nanny?
We don't have this rule at home
Mom
These two people?
I don't like any of them.
It's better to meet the mother and son today
What are they called? Lin Sa and Lin Yoyo
It's so cute.